## 1.0.0 App completely functional

- Changed the color of the LIVE flag.
- Added K-Pop, EDM and Pop genres, as well as the GTA Radio.
- Added the footer.
- Now the genres are shown in an accordion.
- Now the page doesn't play the radio from the reload, instead, the user has to manually tap the play button.
- Project name is now "Radiocast"
- Optimized JS.

## 1.0.1PWA Attempt

- Tried to create the PWA version.
- Minor improvements.

## 1.1.0 UI Improvements and donations

- UI Improvements
- Added donations page

## 1.2.0 Added stations

- Added Hip-Hop stations.
- Optimized JavaScript, from 225 code lines to 184.
- Added exclusively stations.
- Fixed dark theme in donations page.
- Added audio waves (NOT WORKING YET).

## 1.2.1 Audio waves & language

- Now the audio waves are working properly.
- Started to styling the donation page.
- Added an animation to the control buttons when they are pressed.
- Added spanish version.

## 1.2.2 Text Animation

- Added a header with an animated text.

## 1.2.3 Opera and animation

- Added Opera Stations.
- Added an animation to the LIVE flag
- Added Latino Stations.
- Fixed Accordion height issue.
- Added a selected genre indicator.

## 2.0.0 Exclusives artists

- Now there's a list of artists.
- Now the stations are available by their respective id.
- If you switch the station, now the index of the genre is updated and you can see the next stations.

## 2.0.1 Optimizacions

- Optimized JavaScript artist selection.
- Now both arrays, genres and artists are served from a json file.
- Fixed the issue that made the artist cards still selected when the user presses the next or prev buttons.

## 2.0.2 Fixing bugs

- Now the artist section shows all the artists.
- Fixed the play/pause toggle.

## 2.1.0 More artists

- Added a lot of new artists.
- Added genres to the artists.
- Better UI in desktop mode.
- When playing an artist station and the user switches to another station, the javascript looks at the artist genre and checks whether there's a genre available in the database, if not, the current genre will be the first one.
- Now the artist cards are generated by javascript.
- Now the genres cards are generated by javascript.

## 2.1.1 Artists pictures

- Better UI in artists section.
- Added artists pictures from Deezer.
- Added genre indicator to the artists.
- Artists pictures get blurred when their cards are selected, and inside there're the audio waves
- Now the player shows the artists pictures.

## 2.1.2 UI and fav section

- Improved shadow effect.
- Added shadow effect to the cards.
- Added fav section (not working yet).

## 2.1.3 Stations, UI and javascript

- Added more stations.
  -Fixed the shadow behind the cards.
- Deleted the volume input.
- More block padding to the player.S
- Fixed a bug with the play btn.
- Remove the shadows from the tags.
- Now images resolutions is 500x500.
- Fixed the Post Malone issue.
- Worked in fav section and fav button.
- Added snow.

## 2.2.0

- Snow flakes now have an animation
- Snow flakes are bigger.
- Better animation at clicking fav icon.
- Now you can see the stations marked as favorites in their accordion.
- Favorite stations are automatically loaded from the local storage.

# 2.2.1

- Fixed the animation of the fav icon.
- Fixed the local storage issue, now the favorites are saved inmediately.
- Now the snowflakes are svgs.
